NEWRELIC-3025 Infra Agent: Added ntp metric (#9877)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/configuration/infrastructure-agent-configuration-settings.mdx

      </tbody>
    </table>
  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
      className="freq-link"
      id="ntp-metrics"
      title="ntp_metrics"
    >

>      `ntp_metrics` is a key-value map usted to configure the NTP. When enabled and an NTP Hosts list is provided,
>      the agent will provide the host's NTP Offset in the System Sample. This value is requested to the provided NTP
>      hosts pool every `interval` minutes. Between intervals the last requested value will be reported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     `ntp_metrics` is a key-value map used to configure the time offset metric. When enabled and an NTP Hosts list is provided,
     the agent will provide the host's `ntp offset` metric (in seconds). This value is checked against the provided NTP
     hosts pool every `interval` minutes (default: 15). Between intervals, the last known offset is reported.
     If the reported offset is greater than few seconds it can cause issues with alert conditions, NRQL queries and data gaps in dashboards.
```
